well howdy there Internet people its
bubble gun so some high school students
at Martin County High School in Kentucky
they wore some pro LGBTQ clothing to
school and they were forced to change by
the school administrator now according
to the articles they were told that well
they worried the school was worried they
were gonna get bullied it's Kentucky I'm
fairly certain that these students were
very well aware of what might happen
almost like it's them screaming that
they're not going to take it anymore
kind of a we're here get used to it sort
of thing but see this thing happened in
a school that allows students to work
Confederate flags to school you didn't
talk to those who might bully them you
instead just bullied the students and to
silence yourself it's the way it seems
didn't deal with the bullies you went
after the victims just do whatever the
mean man says don't make yourself a
target hide who you are man I bet that's
a great school I'm certain that is
welcoming and friendly I'm certain that
is a positive learning environment the
other thing I got the students say that
they were told was that the words on the
shirts weren't appropriate I guess lady
lesbian is just too much huh too much
for Kentucky in this day and age that's
fine that's fine I got a solution for
that
stay tuned also said that the
administrator told him that school
wasn't the place to discuss sexual
orientation yeah keep children in the
dark they always make wise decisions I
mean that's how it works right
I mean if you don't discuss it and you
pretend like things aren't happening and
you make sure that they're not promoted
here well then they just don't occur you
put blinders on and everything will be
fine how's that working out for you with
your 2.9% teen pregnancy rate in
Kentucky your educators educate now the
superintendent says that this
miscommunication was resolved
miscommunication that's how it was
classified thing is there's another
quote in article saying that a student
is using a pseudonym because they don't
want to suffer further disciplinary
action further disciplinary action that
mean that certainly sounds like they
suffered Tom for doing nothing wrong for
doing nothing wrong maybe it's been
resolved I don't know but there's no
quotes from the teens saying that it was
not and I looked so I would really love
to hear from one of you guys for a
number of reasons one I want to make
sure this doesn't get swept under the
rug - I happen to know a guy that has
t-shirts made every once in a while I am
fairly certain that he would be more
than happy to have some made and sent up
to you and don't worry they won't have
any of those mean and hurtful words on
them and they will be completely in line
with Tinker versus des moines which is
Supreme Court ruling that says that
teens do not shed their constitutional
rights to free speech and expression at
the schoolhouse gates don't worry they
won't have any mean words but I think
you'll be able to get your point across
my advice to the superintendent on the
school administrator is to leave these
kids alone anyway it's just a fault
y'all have a good night